---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cherryservers_ip Data Source - cherryservers"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a CherryServers IP data source. This can be used to read IP addresses.
---

# cherryservers_ip (Data Source)

Provides a CherryServers IP data source. This can be used to read IP addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get IP address info by ID.
data "cherryservers_ip" "my_ip" {
  id = "123abc456def"
}

# Get IP address info by address and project ID.
data "cherryservers_ip" "by_address" {
  ip_address = "0.0.0.0"
  project_id = "123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IP address in canonical format used in the reverse DNS record.
- `id` (String) IP identifier.
- `project_id` (Number) CherryServers project id, associated with the IP.

### Read-Only

- `a_record` (String) Relative DNS name for the IP address. Resulting FQDN will be '<relative-dns-name>.cloud.cherryservers.net' and must be globally unique.
- `a_record_effective` (String) Relative DNS name for the IP address. Resulting FQDN will be '<relative-dns-name>.cloud.cherryservers.net' and must be globally unique.API return value.
- `address_family` (Number) IP address family IPv4 or IPv6.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block of the IP.
- `ddos_scrubbing` (Boolean) If true, DDOS scrubbing protection will be applied in real-time.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway IP address.
- `ptr_record` (String) Reverse DNS name for the IP address.
- `ptr_record_effective` (String) Reverse DNS name for the IP address. API return value.
- `region` (String) Slug of the region. Example: eu_nord_1 [See List Regions](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Regions/operation/get-regions).
- `tags` (Map of String) Key/value metadata for server tagging.
- `target_hostname` (String) The hostname of the server to which the IP is attached.Conflicts with target_id and target_ip_id.
- `target_id` (String) The ID of the server to which the IP is attached.Conflicts with target_hostname and target_ip_id.
- `target_ip_id` (String) Subnet or primary-ip type IP ID to target the created IP to.Conflicts with target_hostname and target_id.
- `type` (String) The type of IP address.
