---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cherryservers_server Data Source - cherryservers"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cherry Servers server resource. This can be used to create, read, modify, and delete servers on your Cherry Servers account.
---

# cherryservers_server (Data Source)

Provides a Cherry Servers server resource. This can be used to create, read, modify, and delete servers on your Cherry Servers account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get server info by ID
data "cherryservers_server" "my_server" {
  id = "123456"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Server identifier

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `bmc` (Attributes) Server BMC credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bmc))
- `extra_ip_addresses_ids` (Set of String) Set of the IP address IDs to be embedded into the Server
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the server
- `image` (String) Slug of the operating system. Example: ubuntu_22_04. [See List Images](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Images/operation/get-plan-images)
- `ip_addresses` (Attributes Set) IP addresses attached to the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses))
- `name` (String) Name of the server
- `os_partition_size` (Number) OS partition size in GB
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Server password credential
- `plan` (String) Slug of the plan. Example: e5_1620v4. [See List Plans](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Plans/operation/get-plans)
- `power_state` (String) The power state of the server, such as 'Powered off' or 'Powered on'
- `project_id` (Number) CherryServers project id, associated with the server
- `region` (String) Slug of the region. Example: eu_nord_1 [See List Regions](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Regions/operation/get-regions)
- `spot_instance` (Boolean) If True, provisions the server as a spot instance
- `ssh_key_ids` (Set of String) Set of the SSH key IDs allowed to SSH to the server
- `state` (String) The state of the server, such as 'pending' or 'active'
- `tags` (Map of String) Key/value metadata for server tagging
- `user_data_file` (String) Base64 encoded User-Data blob. It should be either a bash or cloud-config script
- `username` (String) Server username credential

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--bmc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bmc`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address of the IP address
- `address_family` (Number) Address family of the IP address
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the IP address
- `id` (String) ID of the IP address
- `type` (String) Type of the IP address
