---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cherryservers_ip Resource - cherryservers"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a CherryServers IP resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete IP addresses.
---

# cherryservers_ip (Resource)

Provides a CherryServers IP resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete IP addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a new floating IP address
resource "cherryservers_ip" "floating-1" {
  project_id = 123456
  region     = "LT-Siauliai"
}

# Create a new floating IP address with optional parameters
resource "cherryservers_ip" "floating-1" {
  project_id      = 123
  region          = "LT-Siauliai"
  target_hostname = "gentle-turtle"
  ddos_scrubbing  = true
  tags = {
    Name        = "Example Instance"
    Environment = "Production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) CherryServers project id, associated with the IP.
- `region` (String) Slug of the region. Example: LT-Siauliai [See List Regions](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Regions/operation/get-regions).

### Optional

- `a_record` (String) Relative DNS name for the IP address. Resulting FQDN will be '<relative-dns-name>.cloud.cherryservers.net' and must be globally unique.
- `ptr_record` (String) Reverse DNS name for the IP address.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key/value metadata for server tagging.
- `target_hostname` (String) The hostname of the server to which the IP is attached.Conflicts with target_id and target_ip_id.
- `target_id` (String) The ID of the server to which the IP is attached.Conflicts with target_hostname and target_ip_id.
- `target_ip_id` (String) Subnet or primary-ip type IP ID to route the created IP to.Conflicts with target_hostname and target_id.

### Read-Only

- `a_record_effective` (String) Relative DNS name for the IP address. Resulting FQDN will be '<relative-dns-name>.cloud.cherryservers.net' and must be globally unique.API return value.
- `address` (String) The IP address in canonical format used in the reverse DNS record.
- `address_family` (Number) IP address family IPv4 or IPv6.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block of the IP.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway IP address.
- `id` (String) IP identifier.
- `ptr_record_effective` (String) Reverse DNS name for the IP address. API return value.
- `type` (String) The type of IP address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import existing IP address via UUID
terraform import cherryservers_ip.floating-ip 8269de5d-9b89-af9a-8bcc-8efb4d9fa282
```
