---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cherryservers_server Resource - cherryservers"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cherry Servers server resource. This can be used to create, read, modify, and delete servers on your Cherry Servers account.
---

# cherryservers_server (Resource)

Provides a Cherry Servers server resource. This can be used to create, read, modify, and delete servers on your Cherry Servers account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#Create a new server:
resource "cherryservers_server" "server" {
  plan       = "B1-1-1gb-20s-shared"
  project_id = 123456
  region     = "LT-Siauliai"
}

#Create a new server with options:
resource "cherryservers_server" "server" {
  plan                   = "B1-1-1gb-20s-shared"
  hostname               = "sharing-wallaby"
  project_id             = 123456
  region                 = "LT-Siauliai"
  image                  = "ubuntu_22_04"
  ssh_key_ids            = ["1", "2"]
  extra_ip_addresses_ids = ["8269de5d-9b89-af9a-8bcc-8efb4d9fa282"]
  spot_instance          = true
  tags = {
    Name        = "Example Instance"
    Environment = "Production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan` (String) Slug of the plan. Example: e5_1620v4. [See List Plans](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Plans/operation/get-plans).
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the project to which the server belongs.
- `region` (String) Slug of the region. Example: LT-Siauliai [See List Regions](https://api.cherryservers.com/doc/#tag/Regions/operation/get-regions).

### Optional

- `allow_reinstall` (Boolean) Allow server re-installation when updating `image`, `ssh_key_ids`, `os_partition_size` or `user_data`. WARNING: The reinstall will be triggered even if Terraform reports an in-place update.
- `extra_ip_addresses_ids` (Set of String) Set of the IP address IDs to be embedded into the server.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the server.
- `image` (String) Slug of the server operating system. Updating this attribute requires a server re-install.
- `ip_addresses_ids` (Set of String, Deprecated) **Deprecated**.Set of the IP address IDs to be embedded into the server.
- `name` (String) Name of the server.
- `os_partition_size` (Number) OS partition size in GB. Updating this attribute requires a server re-install.
- `spot_instance` (Boolean) If True, provisions the server as a spot instance.
- `ssh_key_ids` (Set of String) Set of the SSH key IDs allowed to SSH to the server. Updating this attribute requires a server re-install.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key/value metadata for server tagging.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `user_data` (String) Base64 encoded user-data blob. It should be a bash or cloud-config script. Updating this attribute requires a server re-install.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Server identifier.
- `ip_addresses` (Attributes Set) IP addresses attached to the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses))
- `power_state` (String) The power state of the server, such as 'Powered off' or 'Powered on'.
- `state` (String) The state of the server, such as 'pending' or 'active'.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address of the IP address.
- `address_family` (Number) Address family of the IP address.
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the IP address.
- `id` (String) ID of the IP address.
- `type` (String) Type of the IP address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import existing server via ID
terraform import cherryservers_server.main-server 123456
```
